add some pizzazz to your regular
hashbrowns by turning them into this
delicious and versatile breakfast
casserole creamy and cheesy it's perfect
for a large family or for potlucks let's
start by preheating the oven to 350
degrees Fahrenheit and greasing a 9 by
13 inch baking pan with nonstick cooking
spray now into a large bowl with 2
pounds of thawed frozen hash brown
potatoes add 1/2 a cup of softened
butter 1 teaspoon of salt 1/2 teaspoon
of ground black pepper and 1/2 cup of
chopped onion follow with 1 10.7 5 ounce
can of condensed cream of chicken soup
or your favorite soup and 2 cups of
shredded cheddar we're using extra sharp
give this a gentle mix and transfer to
the prepared baking pan we'll bake this
in the preheated oven until heated
through and browned on top about 60
minutes for a crisper finish
feel free to brown under the broiler for
the last 2 to 3 minutes as the casserole
bakes cook up some bacon toast a few
bagels and brew a fresh pot of coffee
breakfast is ready